Sean. Billy. we're here.
Can I shoot a rabbit?
Here.
Go on.
We'll meet you up
at the old barn. alright?
Come on.
It'll be OK.
Hold on there. boys.
Come 'ere.
We were born
into a certain world.
It was chosen for us.
Fated.
Some might think it's brutal.
I say it's glorious.
Now. if you can do
this one thing
you can have all
that it has to offer.
Do you want that. son?
Yeah.
I want you to take
this man's life.
What did he do?
He made a bargain.
Just like you're about to.
Once you enter this world.
you accept that you must kill
or in turn you may be killed.
Once you understand that rule.
it's easy.
You can take a life
without hesitation.
You can build an empire
be a king.
Just breathe.
Please. please...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. You don't have
to do this. please!
Don't.
Please. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. please! Please...
Please...
Finn.
Please. I'm so sorry.
No. no!
No. please!
No. don't. please! Please!
Please!
Just shoot the bucket.
Please. no!
Sorry! Christ. I'm sorry!
Please. please!
You don't have to do this!
I'm sorry!
Please!
Oh. God... Christ!
The fuck is this?
They're fucking empty!
Jack!
Jack. open up!
Psych evaluation.
D.I. Elliot Carter.
In the presence of Dr May.
12th March. 2020.
Have you had any trouble
sleeping?
No.
Any nightmares?
Negative thoughts?
No.
Experiencing a loss of appetite?
He's been undercover
for two years.
He's getting closer
to the violence
but not to any evidence.
This is how UCs get killed.
Feeling aggressive
towards others?
This is different.
It's worse. He's unstable.
Do you think about
your wife Naomi?
How long has it been
since she died?
Two years.
And your son. Samuel...
or was it Sam?
Samuel.
Do you think about Samuel?
Of course I do.
Just let it play out.
See what he comes up with.
That is all I'm asking.
Is he compromised?
Taken any risks we can't explain
to a judge?
No.
He's careful.
We've been here before. Vic.
Years of surveillance wasted
when a UC loses his way.
Let's hope this is different.
You did it. He's keeping you in.
We can do this. Vic.
I've felt the shift.
We know Sean threw a boy
off a building.
And may he rest in peace
but if it doesn't connect
to the shell companies.
or the asset funds
it doesn't touch the Wallace
organisation.
We know they launder through
their property empire. hmm?
Sean is overseeing all that now.
He's not just building
the towers.
Then we'll need a paper trail.
Alex?
Dumani?
He pushes the numbers.
Keeps his nose clean.
Steers clear of the bodies.
And that's helpful to us how?
There's no way he can stay clean
while Sean's running it.
And if we're lucky.
this will get messy.
Lucky?
For whom?
Yes. Mr Wallace.
Fucking 'ell. Jack.
What does it look like to you?
I mean. I dunno.
A man doesn't fight for his life
then kill himself.
You're the only one he told
about the Traveller kid.
Lot of havoc being done
on your word.
...has done nothing
to quell the rise
in foreign investors
pushing up our property prices.
Should I become
the Mayor of London
I am committed to ending
this cycle of addiction
and violence on the streets.
I will be demanding more police.
more care
in our communities...
And I want people to stop
looking at them
as potential extremists
and to start
seeing them as leaders of men.
They got to Jack.
Slit his wrists.
Fuck.
Whoever killed Finn.
they're tidying up.
That's what it looks like.
So what do we know
about the car?
The number plates belong
to Patrick Day.
Who?
One of Kinney's crew.
Where is he now?
Gone. Car dumped outside
a warehouse. south.
Three bodies inside.
We're on the Kinney thing.
right?
We've got uniform shaking down
sites now.
Always a step ahead.
How you holding up?
What's Asif doing here?
Listen. As your partner.
I made a call.
We let Asif trade.
We need him.
My cows.
Thirty years...
we've never had a problem.
Thirty years and you
didn't even come to the funeral.
I sent my son.
My flesh and blood.
Asif. you know your business
is important to us.
We are in...
an adjustment period.
Sean is running things now.
It's what Finn wanted.
My deepest condolences
for your loss.
Finn was a great man.
an excellent business partner.
We know who the shooter was.
A Traveller kid.
My men are looking.
You've got trouble
with these people?
Nothing to warrant killing him.
That's not good.
A man of Finn's standing
should not be that easy
to take out.
Your organisation is weak
somewhere.
What are you saying?
First they come for you
now someone has got to
your business partner. Me.
My shipment was hit yesterday.
I gave an order that no one
moves any dope
until I find the killer.
It obviously didn't reach you.
If you impose an embargo.
you will start a war.
A war was started
when my father was shot.
You've got his temper.
Believe me. if they were to
kill my son...
I would wipe out
their bloodline.
But I would not lose a Rupee
in the act.
Be smart. Sean.
Anyone not helping find
Dad's killer
looks suspect to me.
He always said you wanted
a piece of London.
Now your son's running
for mayor.
Without our support.
it might be difficult for Nasir.
Sean...
I'm down five million pounds.
What is bad for me...
is bad for you.
This is shaming us as a family.
There was a time when nobody
would've dared
touch Finn Wallace.
They got lucky.
Why was he even in that flat?
We have to be honest
with ourselves.
What if it was personal?
Some woman's husband.
We're not picking the flesh
off a dead man's bones.
We have to.
♪ I wouldn't hesitate
How did it go with Asif?
He's taken a hit.
A missing shipment isn't good
for any of us.
If there's anyone dealing smack
in London
I want to know about it.
What can I do?
Nothing.
♪ Love is not a toy
♪ When you find the one
you love ♪
♪ She'll fill your heart
with joy... ♪
I'm gonna make
things right. Mum.
♪ If we could start anew...
I know you will.
♪ I wouldn't hesitate
I'm proud of you both.
Billy's clean.
and you're strong.
♪ Pain in my heart
If it was a woman.
she didn't love my husband.
If she had...
she wouldn't have
had him shot in the face.
♪ Oh. oh
♪ You...
Good to see you. Ed.
And yourself.
Nice place to meet.
Next week.
it's my daughter's birthday.
Ah.
How is Sean?
He doesn't know
who he can trust.
Yourself included.
Come on. Ed.
You're not that stupid
to think I pulled the trigger.
I have no idea what Finn was
even doing there that night.
I shook hands with Finn
on the deal.
A Luan deal.
That's my part completed.
In full.
And now the Wallace organisation
has to honour Finn's part.
The Wallace organisation
will do what is right for us.
Of course. I can go to Sean.
Eddie...
they saying you are the keeper
of Finn's secrets.
But you didn't know
about this one.
Move.
Keep coming.
Stop!
Spread them out.
Good evening. gentlemen.
Welcome to the UK.
You are all links in the chain
of my operation.
One of you is responsible
for my cargo being hit.
I...
Room service!
Nick.
Nick!
Where did you get this?
Where did you get it from?
Who's dealing?
Nick!
Fuck...
Well. we've had every
Traveller site
in the southwest turned over.
No sign of Kinney
and no answers.
Our boys have put word out
on the street.
He should be outside.
Elliot stays where he is.
He's the only one bringing me
answers right now.
Why did you tell Asif
to keep dealing?
I told you that was my decision.
Not Dad's.
You should have consulted me.
You were burying Finn.
We need money
and we trust the Afridis.
I don't.
Sean.
My son was hired
by someone to kill your father.
You're saving his skin.
Yeah.
But I'm telling the truth.
That's the phone
he took the job on.
Whoever ordered that hit
is more dangerous than the fella
who pulled the trigger.
I'll be the judge of that.
Hm.
I'm not giving you my son.
We don't need you to find him.
You're bringing too much
attention on us all
with this bloodshed.
You took two of my men out
the other night.
Not one of mine.
You kill Darren...
and you change nothing.
Whoever did this--
Leave the phone
and fuck off.
Have I got your word...
that you'll leave my son alone?
You have my word that I won't
shoot you in the back
when you walk away.
Right. Find out who
ordered that hit.
No one gets to Kinney's son
before us.
We find him.
Today.
Think I'd use a gun in here?
Doing a lot of second guessing
lately. partner.
Hello?
Is Billy still there?
What's the damage?
Alright. I'm on my way.
I have to go and find
my brother.
Do you need anything from me?
I've got just the job for you.
Hello. this is Dave's Mechanics
Please leave a message
and we'll get back to you.
Finn's shooter
was a kid named Darren.
Son of a Traveller
called Kinney.
Think Sean's planning
something big tonight
so I'm gonna stay
as close as I can.
You'll hear from me. Alright?
Oh!
Excuse me!
Fuck...
Annabelle Bryant and...
Good evening. sir.
Can I take your name please?
I'm here to pick up a package
for Ed Dumani.
Sorry. sir.
this is a ticketed auction.
Yeah. I'm not here
for your auction.
I'm here for the package.
He's with me.
Welcome.
Hello again.
Hi.
Do you mind if I take you
somewhere to clean up?
Yeah. I think
that would be best.
Mm-hm.
Dylan.
Dylan!
Where's my brother?
Please.
He went...
He went to score some gear.
You could try Green Lanes.
What have you got?
The messages
on Kinney's son's phone
are all encrypted.
We're still trying but
we haven't seen anything
like this before.
This is professional.
Oh. and the other thing.
We got a tip on the location
for Kinney's site.
What do you want to do?
Sean?
Sean. what do you want to do?
Take it off.
What?
Your jacket.
No. look. it's no trouble.
I just need the package
and I'll be off.
Elliot.
Take off your jacket.
There.
And the shirt.
What?
Yeah. OK. I'm blagging it.
I have no idea
how to remove stains.
Is it white wine?
Wine?
Where were you raised?
Not in a launderette.
Bicarb of soda
and little bit of water.
Hey. it's Italian. Please--
Yeah. alright. alright.
So. how were you raised?
By my father.
Which means I learned
a lot for myself.
Yeah. me too. Dad. I mean.
But he was firm about us
not conforming
to gender stereotypes.
By paying someone
to do your washing?
Yeah. Damn straight.
So. this. uh...
package Mark wants me
to pick up. What is it?
It's me.
I need a driver tonight.
Hey. Sorry...
Tonight? Like. the whole night?
Yeah.
You got a problem with that?
No.
No. I would love to spend
the whole night
driving Miss Daisy.
Oh. the cheek!
You know.
you're an unknown quantity. boy
and my judgement
holds a lot of weight.
I don't doubt that.
Mm.
I'm sorry.
It's just...
I think Sean needs
back-up tonight
and I wanna be there.
Make a good impression.
I really need this job.
Yes. Mr Wallace.
I have to go and meet Alex.
Get down to Green Lanes
and find Billy.
I'm trusting you with this.
Do you understand me?
Yeah. Yeah. no problem.
Good.
More driving Miss Daisy?
Something like that.
What are you still doing here.
huh?
I told you.
I don't know no Nick.
I know you sold to him
this morning.
No. come on. get out.
One bag.
Get out!
One bag. come on.
Alright. alright.
One fucking bag. mate.
that's all I want.
That is all I want.
Hey. hey. hey!
You here for doner or smack?
Huh? Fuck off!
Get off the counter!
Hey. One bag. one fucking bag!
That is all I want.
this could be really easy.
Get off the table.
This could be really easy!
One fucking bag!
Get off the table!
How do you hide it all?
How do you mean?
Come on. you know what I mean.
I'm afraid I don't. mate.
The Wallace business.
It's all a front.
Yeah...
No. but. like... like how does
it fucking work?
Let's see what you've got
in here then. shall we?
What are you...
You work for these guys?
Yeah.
You know they take money
from dealers selling arms
to Israel?
Now. his boss invests in one
of the largest coltan mines
in Africa. ensuring tiny hands
are never out of work.
Her CEO personally
signed off on suicide nets
in Guangdong.
Everything's a front.
You're funny. Alex.
You're a funny fucking guy.
Alex.
That's Kinney's location.
You ready?
I'm pretty wasted. Sean.
What are you saying?
I'm just saying...
What?
There might be a different way.
We don't have to torch
the whole city
to prove our strength
and we don't even know
who's behind the hit yet.
Finn is dead.
My father.
Who loved you
like you were his own son.
Yeah. I know. I know.
So you coming or what?
I have to protect the business.
This isn't a good idea.
Nice and clean.
Hey.
Wahey! I can do this all
fucking night. mate!
Come on!
One fucking bag.
I know you did it earlier.
so you can do it for me.
One bag!
Ah? Yes. one bag?
Hey.
Hey. uh... my friend
make a mistake.
Give that back.
Fuck off.
Do you know
who you're fucking with?
Get your hands out my pockets.
No. Get away from me. man.
Take your hands out...
Get in the car.
Who the fuck are you?
Leave him alone.
No. no. no.
You're not listening.
He's leaving!
What?
No. no. no...
Wait. wait! Hey. hey!
Fuck!
Mum?
Billy?
You look good. Mum.
I last wore this
on our anniversary.
When Finn took me to the Ritz.
You going somewhere?
I hear you found
Kinney's campsite.
That's right.
It's a night for celebration.
Without hesitation.
I believe in you. Sean.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Thank you. son.
Right. What do we have?
Going in like this is a mistake.
It's how we began.
Because we needed
to build a name
and now that name is worth
too much to risk.
Punishment has got to be quiet.
Out of sight.
They threatened my family. Ed
and Sean is the only one
prepared to do anything
about it.
I'm coming with you.
I'll look after him.
Where the fuck have you been?
Where's Elliot?
Come with me.
Billy?
Wait there.
Lale's dealing.
That's Asif's heroin.
I got it off one of her men.
You shouldn't have done that.
What? I...
We needed to find out
who was dealing.
No. no. Not you.
Not... not you. Billy.
You're sick.
Look. I wanted to help!
I...
I can do something!
If you want to help...
stay away from this stuff.
How?
I'm fucking useless.
Dad's dead...
I don't want you to die.
You've always looked out
for me. haven't you. Billy?
I thought you were ready.
But I have to do this myself.
You've missed them.
Brew?
Fucking hell!
Get in there!
Bitch!
Oh. fuck!
Get out!
Shit. shit. shit! Shit!